Cloth diapers section (#32)
iteles/blw-baby: cloth-diapers/cloth-diapers-basics.md

## Cloth Diapers

There are many sections that need to be written up in this document, but I'll
start by writing up the critical sections required for basic knowledge
or those that I have a specific opinion about.

> _Disclaimer_: These are my personal opinions and as such, don't come at me if

Reviewer: @iteles this disclaimer could be seen as (_unnecessarily_) undermining the validity/value of the content ... 💭  
Rather you could say: 
```suggestion
These notes are based on my research while investigating, experimenting and speaking to several mothers/parents who use cloth diapers. The notes are incomplete because this is an evolving topic. New materials, designs and workflows are being tested by us and others and there is no universally perfect setup.
```

yours are different!

However, the plan is to include the following
+ Nomenclature (multiple languages)
+ [Types of Cloth Diapers](#types-of-cloth-diapers)
+ [Materials and Absorbency](#materials-and-absorbency)
+ [Newborn vs One Size](#newborn-vs-one-size)
+ Velcro vs Poppers
+ [Our Choices](#our-choices)
+ Things to Know
+ What causes leaks

## Types of Cloth Diapers

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/169092681-4b44aaef-1127-4937-b906-1b2ddc864821.png)

Reviewer: This image has a massive copyright in the middle. "All rights reserved" ... 🙄 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/169092681-4b44aaef-1127-4937-b906-1b2ddc864821.png)

Do you have permission to include it, or do you have a task in the backlog get our Graphic Designer to re-create it ASAP so that we don't fall foul of BS copyright law? 💭

> ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/169092681-4b44aaef-1127-4937-b906-1b2ddc864821.png)

Author: ```suggestion
This is a very handy overview from https://www.thinking-about-cloth-diapers.com/:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/169092681-4b44aaef-1127-4937-b906-1b2ddc864821.png)
```

> I don't want to go into all the different types of cloth diaper just yet as

Reviewer: "I don't want ..."

Is your plan for this to be written in the "voice" of a mother (_in this case your own voice_),
or do you plan to have a more collective voice and thus more inclusive to the both the reader 
and inviting more contributors? e.g:

```suggestion
We won't go into all the different types of cloth diaper just yet as
```

there are actually a lot of decent resources online already on this, such as
https://www.thenappygurus.com/types-of-cloth-nappies.html

The whole of the [Nappy Gurus Help & Advice](https://www.thenappygurus.com/help.html)
section is extremely well put together and very helfpul if you're starting out.

> I'm just leaving this diagram here as a reference point to discuss the

Reviewer: Again, if you are keeping this repo/resource personal to yourself, then "I'm ..." is fine. 
Just checking what your plan is for the writing style. 💭

Author: I like the personal writing style. But I'll add a task to go through and update for inclusivity.

choices we have made (see below).

## Materials and Absorbency

> <img width="664" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/169095781-8c3c8f69-3ae5-4e04-ab39-780f198651a5.png">

Reviewer: You have some instances of markdown images `![text](link)` and other` of `<img>` tags without `alt` text. 
These can always be updated later by a VA. But curious if it's deliberate? 💭

Author: They're just copy pasted from the github issue so they're in the format that GH served up 🤷‍♀️

> Cloth diapers hinge on both their speed of and capacity for absorbency.

Reviewer: Consider an alternative word to "hinge" here as it could be confusing. e.g:
```suggestion
Cloth diapers are categorised on both speed of and capacity for absorbency.
```

Author: This isn't really about categorisation at all, it's about how the speed and capacity for absorption are the cornerstones of cloth diapers.

Reviewer: https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/categorize
"_to put [people](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/people) or things into [groups](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/group) with the same [features](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/feature)_"

In this case the _feature_ is absorbency.

> Cloth diapers hinge on both their speed of and capacity for absorbency.

Author: ```suggestion
One of the most important things to understand in the world of cloth diapers is speed of and capacity for absorbency.
```

> The only other thing to mention other than the table above is 'Charcoal Bamboo'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only other thing to mention beyond the table above is 'Charcoal Bamboo'.
```

> This is actually not bamboo at all, it's just a fancy name for microfibre and

Reviewer: BTW: it _is_ bamboo that has undergone a specific industrial process/transformation ...
https://www.simplififabric.com/pages/bamboo-charcoal
"_The bamboo charcoal is created by heating bamboo at temperatures of 800 degrees and then the charcoal itself is processed and mixed in with fabrics as part of the growing field of nanotechnology._"

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/173175209-3c742704-66b1-45a3-9090-e57d150f2d93.png)

Maybe consider revising? 💭

Author: Thanks, I'll clarify 👍 

Could you please confirm that if I add the suggested changes as below within the same comment it still works? 

```suggestion
These are bamboo only in name because there is very little if any bamboo in these.
They are a microfibre insert wrapped in an incredibly thin charcoal bamboo layer (and in quite a few cases it's arguably not a charcoal bamboo layer but just a charcoal coloured fleece layer, see https://youtu.be/d04Hy11xU58).
Ultimately this is a money-grabbing ploy from the companies that sell them - it's just a fancy name for microfibre and
```

equally unhelpful.

### Absorbency capacity

> The more capacity for absorbency, the more liquid a diaper will hold.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Absorbency is fabrics' ability to absorb and retain liquid; more is generally better.
```

> Having said this, every baby is different so whilst some can get away with

Reviewer: This sentence could be _significantly_ condensed; It's 55 words / 344 characters. i.e. more than 2 tweets! 😮 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/173175553-cc97e505-e14d-4795-bacf-018d25cf72a2.png)

Ref: https://insidegovuk.blog.gov.uk/2014/08/04/sentence-length-why-25-words-is-our-limit/

Every baby may _appear_ different to their parents ... 
but they all have similar traits and belong to a distribution curve. 

You could break up the mega sentence into chunks:
Each baby will urinate a varying amount depending on their level of hydration/nursing.

very little absorbency, others are considered 'medium to heavy wetters' and
will need a lot more absorbency, relying much more heavily on hemp inserts
(typically used in pocket diapers) or boosters (typically layered into other
types of diapers to increase absorbency).

### Absorbency speed
This is important for two reasons:

> 1. You need to layer your absorbency so that the layers closer to the baby

Reviewer: Another _looong_ sentence consider splitting:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/173175924-398b92ff-bca4-4f91-9ee2-3361baeec7b3.png)

```suggestion
1. Diaper inserts should be layered so that the one in contact with the baby's skin absorbs fastest.
The initial layer wicks away moisture quickly to prevent leaks and discomfort.
The outer layer(s) can have a slower absorbency speed but higher capacity such that liquid is "transferred" from the first to second layer after the urination event. 
```

Author: Adding this one to issue #35 as well because the suggestion isn't _technically_ right - you can't put microfiber (the fastest absorbing insert) in contact with the baby's skin as it gives them an almighty rash 👍

Reviewer: Inês, you might be projecting words into my suggestion that aren't there.
At no point have I mentioned the word "***microfibre***". 

As for the "almighty rash" ...
Maybe share a link to where what you say was tested empirically. 
If it's anecdotal, then maybe share a photo if there is one.
Because if not, then it's hearsay. i.e. unsubstantiated. 
Basically _most_ of the noise on Facebook posted by unscientific amateurs.
Note: I'm not saying this isn't true. 
Just that I haven't seen any _evidence_. 
The fabric used in microfibre is 
"ultra-fine synthetic fibres such as polyester, polyamide, or polypropylene"
https://sewport.com/fabrics-directory/microfibre-fabric

This is the same stuff they use in _disposable_ diapers.
https://www.sciencedirect.com/topics/engineering/disposable-diaper
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/174154539-e58a705d-14c3-4293-92b6-118de61fd2eb.png)

These are in contact with sensitive skin on a _massive_ scale.
Perhaps the diaper manufacturers also make nappy rash cream. 💭 
<!--
When I do a product search, I see "Microfiber Inserts for Cloth Diapers Reusable"
with _hundreds_ of 5-star reviews:
https://www.amazon.com/Microfiber-Inserts-Diapers-Reusable-Washable/dp/B00IIFLCFQ
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/174153209-9030111c-d904-459f-b4f3-bae668fb894f.png)
Obviously I take that with a pinch of salt on Amazon; always read the _negative_ reviews!

> **Note**: I

Side-note: "Inspired by your browsing history" (which I don't have in this incognito browser ...)
**_Adult_ reusable diapers** ... 🙄 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/174153754-c6a1bac2-0439-4009-a7aa-306be43eec65.png)
-->

are the ones that absorb liquids the fastest - this will allow that layer to
absorb the liquids and wick them away to the lower layers which will have more
storage capacity.

> 2. If you have a baby who 'floods'; i.e. releases a large quantity of liquid

Reviewer: This second list item is much better. Shorter/clearer sentences. ✅

in a short time frame. Here you want the fastest possible absorption to wick
away the moisture so that you don't get leaks.

> ## Newborn vs One Size

Reviewer: Typically the word "versus" is abbreviated to "vs." or "v". https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/versus
```suggestion
## Newborn vs. One Size
```
But _most_ people will understand that this is not "Very Small" ... 
so feel free to ignore. 👍

Author: `Sizes` makes sense. I'll update the contents table as well.

There are 3 'sizes' of cloth diapers:
+ **Newborn**: These are extra small diapers that in some cases (not all) also
fit preemies. They have snaps that allow them to be resized to 2 or 3 different
sizes as well.
+ **One Size:** Often referred to as ***OS*** diapers, these are the typical
size of modern cloth diaper that **will accompany a child throughout the
majority of their diaper journey**. They are marketed as fitting babies from
around 3-15kg (with a small amount of variation per brand) but usually don't fit
newborns because the leg holes are designed for slightly bigger babies.
+ **XL:** Nomenclature varies but these are often designated 'XL' or 'Super'
and are made for older toddlers but sizes vary widely. They could refer to
diapers that are 9 - 18kgs for example or even diapers that are 15 - 20kgs, so
it's important to review the stipulations of fit from the individual brand.

> **One size (OS) are by _far_ the most common**, with many people deciding to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**One size (OS) are by _far_ the most common**. Many people chose to
```

wait until their babies fit into this size before they start their cloth diaper
journey.

There _are_ 'newborn hacks' of folds that allow you to use OS diapers on smaller
babies but these are greatly dependent on the baby's body and on the diaper
brands.

# Our Choices

Our choices have evolved over time, not only as we have gained experience
but also as little A has grown and had different requirements.

## Diaper Sizes

> I chose to invest in a small stash of newborn cloth diapers because I wanted

Reviewer: https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/stash

```suggestion
I chose to invest in a small set of newborn cloth diapers because I wanted
```

Yes, the word "stash" _can_ be used in this context, but "set" is simpler and easier for non-native english speakers. And easier to _translate_. 💭

to start as soon as possible. I wanted to learn the systems and understand

> what we preferred to use _before_ buying a full stash of OS diapers that we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
what we preferred to use _before_ buying a full set of OS diapers that we
```

> might hate because they were the wrong type or materials.

Reviewer: Hate is a _very_ strong word that should be used sparingly.
```suggestion
might regret because they were the wrong type or materials.
```

> Unless you don't plan to start cloth diapering until baby is 3 months old or

Reviewer: Another looong sentence. 47 words. consider splitting.
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/173176936-d32bf8a1-d34d-4e0e-9748-b4b48297fb4c.png)

Author: #35

> so, I think this is a good investment because it lets you learn the ropes and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
so, I think this is a good investment because it lets you learn the workflow and
```

they hold their value extremely well (more so than OS) so can be sold on easily.

## Diaper Types

> Now that we have 'dialed things in' a little more, there are three types of

Reviewer: Either update the spelling "dialed" to "dialled"; ref: https://www.oxfordlearnersdictionaries.com/definition/english/dial-in

_or_ consider removing expression completely as it's not English-as-second-language friendly 
and doesn't add anything to the section.

```suggestion
There are three types of diapers we use.
```

> diapers we use (there are others, but these are the only 3 in our rotation):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### 1. All-In-Ones (AIO)
This is our 'favourite' kind of diaper because it requires the **_least_ time

> to put together** by _far_. For the majority you just have to push the 'tongue'

Reviewer: **_least_ time to put together** -> **_least_ assembly time** (a tedious/repetitive and costly task that significantly increases the total-cost-of-onwership of cloth diapers!)

Author: I feel like `assembly` is less intuitive for the non-native speaker.

(sewn in insert) back into the pocket and that's it.

> With a small number (in our stash it's the Motherease Wizard Unos and

Reviewer: Can't understand the obsession with the word "stash" ... 🤷‍♂️ 
<img width="830" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/173177420-e0234649-ccb5-4a73-93a9-3adc4ce64e36.png">

It really doesn't add anything to your content and will almost certainly confuse readers.

```suggestion
With a small number (in our set it's the Motherease Wizard Unos and
```

Author: As above, anyone who has read anything online about cloth diapers will have come across this word. It's a good reminder to add it to the terminology section 👍 #36

Bellz Bumz Reusabelles), they're ready to go straight off the line.

Whilst we now find we have to reinforce the majority of these with an extra
3 layer bamboo insert, this isn't the case with all of them.

**The biggest issue with AIOs** is that they take a lot longer to dry.

**The key thing to be aware of** is that not all AIOs are created equally
in terms of absorption. It is _very important_ to understand what the material
composition of these diapers is so that you know what you're dealing with.

For example:

> [Modern Cloth Nappies AIOs](https://www.modernclothnappies.co.uk/collections/pearl-pocket-all-in-one-nappies/products/pearl-pocket-all-in-one-reusable-one-size-nappy)

Reviewer: Wow. there are no fewer than 40 fabric choices for this "Modern" product ...

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/173177596-1ca6e7e2-35f0-4817-a6a0-bf1902b2305e.png)

Talk about [decision fatigue](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Decision_fatigue)! 🙄 

And they have a option for **4 interest-free payments** of **`£4.24`** GBP option using "**clearpay**" ... 🤦‍♂️  
Who is buying cloth diapers and cannot afford the "up-front" cost of **`£16.95`**...? 🤷‍♂️

Author: You'd be surprised. The people who use it are probably people buying 4/5+ at once, not a single one.

***Lots*** of people cloth diaper to save money _exclusively_ because they can't really afford disposables. This means they also can't afford the total number they need up front of course.

Reviewer: Inês, this is non-sensical. 🙃 
If people _truly_ cannot "afford" the up-front cost of say 10 x diapers at £150, 💭 
then they would be doing it the _real_ old-school way by folding _flat_ cloth diapers: 
[![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/174150559-73172a4d-2955-4451-9780-d96178f675d5.png)](https://youtu.be/kV4YNYMG7m4)
Those can be purchased for like €1.50 each online.
Or just buy _similar_ diapers from AliExpress: € 27,83 for a pack of 6 with free shipping = **`€4,63` each**  
https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005003931889471.html
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/174151255-dbf54359-e0b7-4ae2-9c0b-5308a39be28c.png)
After all, the fancy brand diapers you've bought are all made in China. 🇨🇳 
Why not buy them _direct_ and cut out the insane importer/retailer margins? 🤷‍♂️ 

perhaps the _real_ niche then is in a family _budgeting_ app. 💰

> (my absolute favourite AIOs from our stash), have a super absorbent

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(my absolute favourite AIOs from our set), have a super absorbent
```
Have you been reading the blog of a mother who was a reformed drug dealer/user? 🤷‍♂️

Author: Again, I'm not changing this, but adding a terminology section #36 .
This is a community word that it pays to be familiar with.

hemp cotton mix insert.
<img width="533" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/170531761-98c62f2c-a3ac-4eab-b941-04940c289e2f.png">

> The [Bambino Miosolo AIOs](https://www.bambinomio.com/collections/miosolo/products/miosolo-diaper)

Reviewer: Long sentence. Consider revising. Also, this is a mini-product review. Consider either expanding it for clarity or relegating it to a "Brands and Designs" section.

sit at the complete opposite end of that scale, with a microfibre core which,
despite the claims on the website of 'super absorbency', has _very little
absorbency_ and _very good marketing_.

I wouldn't risk using one of these without reinforcement at any time of day.
Why do we still have them you ask? Because they have a _great_ fit and are
very practical in that sense!

> <img width="492" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/170533205-f0cfd3c2-b9f6-49a2-8f9c-702ea9f271cf.png">

Reviewer: The contrast on this image is very poor and the font size is _tiny_ ... 
![inserts](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/170533205-f0cfd3c2-b9f6-49a2-8f9c-702ea9f271cf.png)
Perhaps consider increasing the width to **`900px`** as the dimensions of the `.png` are **`984 × 956`**
so constraining it to **`492px`** in the **`<img>`** tag is artificially making it smaller than it needs to be without decreasing the bandwidth consumed (**`363kb`** ...) also, it's unclear what the **`40%`** in the top-right corner is. 🤷 

```suggestion
<img width="984" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/170533205-f0cfd3c2-b9f6-49a2-8f9c-702ea9f271cf.png">
```

### 2. Pocket Diapers
We started using One Size diapers in the Spring and AIOs were a firm favourite
because as I mentioned, the gave me very little work to put together.

But then Winter came [insert your favourite Game of Thrones meme here].

> I struggled to get anything to dry, even with a dehumidifier on constantly.

Reviewer: Link to the **Laundry** section here? 🔗

So we moved to pocket diapers for Winter.

They take a LOT more time to put together but the shells air dry very quickly
and if you're desperate you can throw the inserts in the tumble dryer too.

We use _high quality_ natural material inserts.

Our ***hemp inserts*** are triple layer hemp/cotton inserts with a _high_ percentage

> of hemp (55% hemp, 45% cotton): https://www.eco-tiny.com/product/absorvente-de-canhamo-e-algodao-organico-ecotiny

Reviewer: Eco-tiny is very PT-focussed. 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/194400/173179997-95e53024-7dd2-4379-9375-73138911f6f9.png)
they have a language-switcher at the top but don't appear to ship beyond PT ...

Consider having a "where to buy" section with both _local_ and international links. ideally affiliate links so you can get paid for all your research ... 🔗

Author: I agree. But this is the section about specifically what _we_ use and we use these inserts because they are a LOT better than the 5 or 6 other brands I tried so I have to reference these specifically.

I'll add an issue for a Where to Buy section. 👍 #37

Our ***bamboo inserts*** are 100% bamboo
[Little Lamb bamboo doublers](https://littlelamb.com/products/bamboo-booster-doubler).

Our infallible inserts combinations here are:
+ Morning diapers: 2 hemp inserts + 1 bamboo doubler folded in half (giving
us 4 layers of bamboo booster) in the front of the diaper
+ Afternoon diapers: 1 hemp insert + 1 bamboo doubler folded in half (giving

> us 4 layers of bamboo booster) in the front of the diaper

Reviewer 2: 3 layers ?

> us 4 layers of bamboo booster) in the front of the diaper

Author: @Stephanymtr This actually gives us 1 layer of hemp + 4 layers of bamboo because the bamboo doubler is two layers, so folded over it gives us 4 layers. I'll clarify, thank you!

> We use our pockets throughout the Winter (with AIOs filling in the gaps)
and whenever we are travelling for ease of washing and drying.

### 3. Fitted diapers with covers (night time)
For night time we use fitted diapers which are made entirely of absorbent material
(in our case usually 100% bamboo or a bamboo/hemp mix), reinforced

> with hemp or bamboo inserts and covered with a PUL cover or wrap to make them

Reviewer: "**PUL**" is only given as an abbreviation. what does it _mean_? 🤷‍♂️

Author: #36

leak proof.

We wipe down the PUL cover in the mornings and it can be reused 3 times
before needing to be washed (if baby is teething, the smells are often
stronger so we wash as needed).

We use these because:
+ We don't change diapers overnight because baby no longer :poop: and it
would be worse to wake him for a diaper change
+ We need much more absorbency because of this - we could never get away
with using a pocket overnight because we wouldn't be able to add enough
absorbency (but a lot of people can, this depends on the baby)
+ We use hemp reinforcements because we don't have flooding (large amounts of
liquid in a short space of time) so the slow
absorption of hemp is fine for us
  + If we needed to account for flooding I would test adding a cotton layer
  between the baby and the hemp insert

## Considerations

### Morning vs Afternoons
Babies will not have the same absorption needs all day or even all year round.
Here, we require a lot more absorption in the mornings (until just after lunch)
than in the afternoons.

> We have solved this pretty simply by splitting the diaper storage into a

Reviewer: consider uploading a photo of your labeled shelves as it will add context to your organisation/system. 💭

proof (google 'jelly rolls' in relation to diapers if you're using flats and
want to understand how best to adjust the legs). I always found they were too
finnicky and took too long with a fussy newborn.
  + Note that many _many_ people swear by flats and prefolds as the only
  thing that can contain newborn :poop: explosions - I fully believe this _if_
  you can get your head around how to put them on correct.
+ **All-In-Twos (AI2s):** I have nothing against the diapers themselves (they
do dry a lot faster than AIOs because they completely come apart), but putting them
together is Hellish. Each brand of AI2 has specific inserts that snap into them
so you either have to commit to one brand or you have to keep hunting for the
right inserts. Snaps are often different across diaper brands too, not to mention
the fit of the inserts inside the shell. It makes the whole exercise both a pain
and difficult to be picked up by anyone else.
  + I should note that the supposed advantage of AI2s is that when you change
  the diaper you can theoretically snap out the inserts, wipe off the shell and
  then reuse that shell with fresh inserts, making them great for limited

>   space and holiday stashes that dry quickly. But in practice, quite a few

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  space and holiday sets that dry quickly. But in practice, quite a few
```

  AI2 shells can't be reused as is the case with the wildly popular
  [Close Pop-In](https://closeparent.com/collections/birth-to-potty-nappies/products/single-printed-nappy-bamboo-puffin-bio-laminate)
  diapers that have an fleece section in the shell which is impossible to
  clean between changes
+ **AI2s masquerading as AIOs:** There are plenty of diaper brands that have
'AIO' diapers that are in reality, as far as I can see, AI2s. They have snap-in
inserts that are particular to that diaper such as the Petite Crown Trima below.
  + The advantage is that Yes, they dry faster. But this also defeats the
  purpose of an AIO.

https://petitecrown.com/collections/pocket-diapers/products/trima

> <img width="542" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/169338055-bc6d9347-cf20-40e6-9b95-64499a089a38.png">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img width="950" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/169338055-bc6d9347-cf20-40e6-9b95-64499a089a38.png">
```

### Exceptions to the (my) Rules
#### AI2s
Although I really don't like AI2s, there is one kind that made it into our

> stash that I have not sold on and will not be selling: Close Pop-in AI2s.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set that I have not sold on and will not be selling: Close Pop-in AI2s.
```

Let me be clear: these are possibly the _most_ annoying AI2s on the market.
Putting them together is a total nightmare of tiny poppers that are not only
different from every other diaper on the market but _different from one side

> of the diaper to the other_ :fire:

Reviewer: If you use the actual emoji 🔥 instead of the keyword `:fire:` it will render better.
```suggestion
of the diaper to the other_ 🔥
```

> I find them impressively infuriating.

Reviewer: Perhaps try to _quantify_ how many seconds it takes a non-expert (e.g. exhausted parent or inexperienced hourly helper) to assemble these. 💭

BUT.

For _months_ (months 3 - 8 to be precise), they were the only diapers that
I would trust to not have a major :poop: leak when we left the house.
They are Hellish to put together, but their fit is worth gold for a few months :gem:

https://closeparent.com/collections/pop-in/products/single-printed-nappy-bamboo-2021

> <img width="498" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/170536819-27882f9e-4a3b-4e55-bece-9bb49099f8f6.png">

Reviewer: Another instance where the viewport of your device is artificially constraining the image without any benefit:
```suggestion
<img width="900" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4185328/170536819-27882f9e-4a3b-4e55-bece-9bb49099f8f6.png">
```

### Transition Diapers
There is an annoying stage when they are slightly too big for the majority of
newborn diapers but slightly too small for OS diapers (causing issues with
leaks), so there are a few brands of OS diapers that run small which are
perfect for this time.

In our case they were:

> + LighthouseKids Company Signature AIO (we still use these today quite happily)

Reviewer: Consider having a section on the brands you have researched, purchased, used and _like_. 💭

Author: #51

+ Totsbots Easyfit Star AIO (another diaper we still use today)
+ Blumchen AIO
+ Tickle Tots AIOs
+ Baby Bare pockets
+ Close Pop-in AI2s (we dropped these as soon as we could)

We no longer use the last 3 on this list but _I have not sold them_ because they
were ***critical*** for the transition phase and I will use them again with
other kids (mine or family/friends').

## Things to Know
+ The amount of liquid your diapers will need to hold will not only change
as the baby grows up, but also with the seasons - babies need a lot more

> absorbency in Winter than in Summer (because in Summer they release water in

Author: ```suggestion
absorbency in Winter than in Summer (because in Summer they release water through perspiration as well)
```

> other ways)

Reviewer: why "other ways" instead of just "**perspire**"? there are only 5 ways of losing releasing water ...
1. pee - 70-90% of liquid
2. sweat - 10-30% depending on season/temperature
3. poop (runny) - rare in a healthy baby
4. mucus/vomit - rare 
5. blood - ultra-rare

Author: 👍 Updated

> other ways)

Author: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: Dunno if you meant to remove just this line ... kinda makes `L285` incomplete ... 💭

+ It is common for you to have to keep letting out rise snaps (increasing the
'height' of the diaper) until you find yourself with diapers at their biggest
by the time your baby is 8 or 9 months old - fear not! This doesn't mean they
are about to stop fitting. It's around this age that babies start moving more,
learning to pull to stand and eventually walking so their body shape changes
and they lean out. You'll often find that you may need to snap the rise back
up again in the near future as this happens.

> + Never iron your inserts or any diaper paraphenalia as this decreases absorption.

Reviewer: This should be in a "Care" section in the `laundry.md` ...

Author: Agree. This was mostly a place I put miscellaneous points that didn't fit into other sections yet 👍
